; PROGRAM 2
; A program that reads a set of a paragraph of 6 sentences from a file into
; memory. It prints the sentences on the console printer. It then asks the user for a word. It
; searches the paragraph to see if it contains the word. If so, it prints out the word, the
; sentence number, and the word number in the sentence.

; Step by step how program 2 is working:
; 1. Read 6 sentences from a file into memory using the IN instruction and DEVID = 2 (card reader) and CHK.
;       This will be done in the READ_STRING_FROM_DEVICE subroutine.
; 2. Print this message to the console using the PRINT_STRING subroutine.
; 3. Prompt the user for a word using the PRINT_STRING subroutine and a pre-made message.
; 4. Record the word entered using the READ_STRING subroutine.
; 5. Search the paragraph for the word entered. This will be done in the FIND_WORD subroutine.
;       Save the sentence number and word number in the sentence where the word is found.
; 6. Finally, print out the word, sentence number, and word number in the sentence if the word is found.
;       This can either be done in a subroutine or in the main program.

; A quick not about memory layout. I will try to reserve 0-1023 for data, constants, and variables.
; Program START begins at 1024 (octal 2000).
; Subroutines will be above all code in the START program.

; LOW MEMORY (6-31): lookup tables for subroutines etc. and some variables
;currently at 0 out of 32 words
        LOC 6
        ; soubroutine jump tables
        J_TABLE_1_ADDR: Data JUMP_TABLE_ONE

        ; Constants
        ; Variables
        ; Memory address locations (for different variables)

        ;index register temp store - used to maintain index state after subroutine call
        ;Note: I try to keep a "focus" for each index register. However, in the subroutines,
        ;this will be mostly ignored since the main code index registers are stored and restored
        ;in the subroutine.
        TEMPX1:       Data 0 ;use this mostly for subroutines
        TEMPX2:       Data 0 ;use this mostly for ARRAY
        TEMPX3:       Data 0 ;use this mostly for HIGHNUM



; -------------------------coroutines------------------------------

; READ_STRING_FROM_DEVICE subroutine
READ_STRING_FROM_DEVICE